the book of Malachi the burden of the
word of the Lord to Israel by Malachi I
have loved you says the Lord yet you say
in what way have you loved us was not
Esau Jacob's brother says the Lord yet
Jacob I have loved but Esau I have hated
and laid waste his mountains and his
heritage for the Jackals of the
wilderness even though Edom has said we
have been impoverished but we will
return and build the desolate places
thus says the Lord of Hosts they may
build but I will throw down they shall
be called the territory of wickedness
and the people against whom the Lord
will have indignation for ever your eyes
shall see and you shall say the Lord is
magnified beyond the border of Israel a
son honours his father and a servant his
master if then I am the father where is
my honor and if I am a master where is
my reverence says the Lord of Hosts to
you priests who despise my name yet you
say in what way have we despised your
name you offer defiled food on my altar
but say in what way have we defiled you
by saying the table of the Lord is
contemptible and when you offer the
blind as a sacrifice is it not even and
when you offer the lame and sick is it
not evil offer it then to your governor
would he be pleased with you would he
accept you favorably says the Lord of
hosts but now intrigue cards favor that
he may be gracious to us while this is
being done by your hands
will he accept you favorably says the
Lord of Hosts who is there even among
you who would shut the doors so that you
would not kindle fire on my altar in
vain I have no pleasure in you nor will
I accept an offering from your hands for
from the rising of the Sun even to it's
going down my name shall be great among
the Gentiles in every place incense
shall be offered to my name and a pure
offering for my name shall be great
among the nations says the Lord of hosts
but you profane it in that you say the
table of the Lord is defiled and it's
fruit it's food is contemptible you also
say oh what a weariness and you sneer at
it says the Lord of hosts and you bring
the stolen the lame and the sick
thus you bring an offering should I
accept this from your hand says the Lord
but cursed be the deceiver who has in
his flock a mail and takes a vow but
sacrifices to the Lord what is blemished
for I am a great king and my name is to
be feared among the nations
you